Copyright 2021 Oden Technologies Inc. except as noted below.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the
License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

=================================================================================

Some included components are copyright their respective owners and are released
under different licensing terms:

Alpine Linux includes multiple components primarily licensed under GPL2, MIT
and BSD 2-clause terms; all copyrights are retained by their original owners:
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/issues/7423
https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-2.0
https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause
https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

PGPool-II is Copyright 2003-2021 the PgPool Global Development Group and is
released under the PGPool license:
https://github.com/pgpool/pgpool2/blob/master/COPYING

The Go language runtime is Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors, and is licensed
under the Golang license: https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/LICENSE

pgpool2_exporter is Copyright (c) 2021 PgPool Global Development Group and is
released under the MIT license:
https://github.com/pgpool/pgpool2_exporter/blob/master/LICENSE

Telegraf is Copyright (c) 2015-2020 InfluxData Inc. and is released under the
MIT license: https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/LICENSE

PostgreSQL and its libraries are released under the PostgreSQL License:
https://www.postgresql.org/about/licence/
Portions Copyright (c) 1996-2021, The PostgreSQL Global Development Group
Portions Copyright (c) 1994, The Regents of the University of California

The Google Cloud SDK and the "gcloud" CLI tool are Copyright (c) 2021 by Google
Inc, and are released under the Apache License v2.0:
https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Additionally, any use of Google Cloud Platform APIs is governed by license
agreement or terms of service with Google, which are neither implicitly nor
explicitly granted by use of this Work.

"envtpl" is Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Tony Pujals and is released under the MIT
license: https://github.com/subfuzion/envtpl/blob/master/LICENSE
